clarify that 4xx and 5xx are permitted (#457)
HL7/fhircast-docs: input/pagecontent/2-5-EventNotification.md

### Event Notification Response

The Subscriber SHALL respond to the event notification with an appropriate HTTP status code. In the case of a successful notification, the Subscriber SHALL respond with any of the response codes indicated below:

{:.grid}
Code  |          | Description
----- | -------- | ---
200   | OK       | The Subscriber is able to implement the context change.
202   | Accepted | The Subscriber has successfully received the event notification, but has not yet taken action. If the Subscriber decides to refuse the event, it will send a [`syncerror`](3-2-1-syncerror.html) event. Subscribers are RECOMMENDED to do so within 10 seconds after receiving the context event.
409   | Conflict | The Subscriber refuses to follow the context change. The Hub SHALL send a [`syncerror`](3-2-1-syncerror.html) indicating the event was refused.

> 4xx   | Other Client Error | For Subscriber errors other refusing to follow the context change; Subscribers can return other appropriate 4XX HTTP statuses. The Hub SHALL send a [`syncerror`](3-2-1-syncerror.html) indicating the event was refused.

Author: ```suggestion
4xx   | Other Client Error | For Subscriber errors other than a 409; Subscribers can return other appropriate 4xx HTTP statuses. The Hub SHALL send a [`syncerror`](3-2-1-syncerror.html) indicating the event was refused.

```
